
# VotingMachine
=======
# README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version
    ->ruby '2.7.2'
    ->rails '5.2.8.1'

* System dependencies
    ->gem 'devise' for authentication
    ->gem 'devise_invitable', '~> 2.0.0' for invitation module of devise
    ->gem 'pundit' for authorization
    ->gem 'puma', '~> 3.11' server for running the project
    ->gem 'pundit'  for policy and restrictions
    ->gem 'cloudinary'  for uploading images on cloud

* Database creation
    ->postgresql

* Database initialization
    ->rails db:create
    ->rails db:migrate
    ->rails db:seed

* Configuration
    ->.gitignore contains the path of files not to be pushed.
    ->.rubocop.yml contains the constraints on which the project structure is defined.
    ->.ruby-version contains the version of the ruby on which the project is built.
    ->config.ru used by Rack-based servers to start the application.
    ->Gemfile contains gems required for development
    ->Gemfile.lock contains built gems
    ->package.json records important metadata about a project.
    ->Rakefile used by rake to build up a list of tasks.
    ->Yarn.lock is a autogenerated file handeled by yarn and get updated when dependencies are managed by Yarn CLI.


* Deployment instructions
    ->Firstly, Setup a account on heroku and log in
    ->Then create an app and deploy the branch(containing this project) of repository of github account.
    ->Project deployed on heroku-18
    ->Then initialize the database.
    ->You are now good to go.
